Update Synonyms under user-says-guidelines.md (#259)
hellohaptik/docs_haptik: docs/bot-builder/basic/user-says-guidelines.md

> _**Common Mistake**: Ensure that you enable the correct set of synonyms in the user says as 1 word can have multiple meanings. For example, "speaker" could mean the electronic devices as well as a human is speaking at an event.*_

> ***For the IVAs made on the Haptik V2.1***, modifications are being made to the Synonyms feature leading to change in the functionality of the feature and appearance on the bot builder.

Reviewer: How would people know about versions of ML on docs? We need to think of presenting this in a different way.

> ***For the IVAs made on the Haptik V2.1***, modifications are being made to the Synonyms feature leading to change in the functionality of the feature and appearance on the bot builder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
***For the IVAs made on the latest version, modifications are being made to the Synonyms feature leading to change in the functionality of the feature and appearance on the bot builder.
```

Addition of domain specific synonyms, detection and learning are becoming better. The Changes are - 

1. The English Language Synonyms don’t need to be added separately. They have to be incorporated into the “User Says” section when variations are being added as per the User Says Guidelines.

2. The IVA will recognise english language synonyms from Language Training provided automatically by ML Algorithms. Hence, the BLUE LINE below the words in "USER SAYS" section, which used to display synonyms will stop appearing.

> 3. The Domain specific synonyms can be added manually to the database by an engineer. Eventually, the interface on the Bot Builder will enable the same.

Reviewer: How and in which case do users need to resort to this? This is a powerful part and we can discuss this more to make it simple to use

> 3. The Domain specific synonyms can be added manually to the database by an engineer. Eventually, the interface on the Bot Builder will enable the same.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. The Domain specific synonyms can be added manually to the database by a Haptik engineer. Eventually, the interface on the Bot Builder will enable the same.
```

> 4. If any domain specific synonym added by the bot builder is identified by the IVA, it will be visible in the logs section in the Bot Builder.

Reviewer: Are the logs shown in the image below?
